doc(node): update ChainManager documentation (#480)
witnet/witnet-rust: docs/architecture/managers/chain-manager.md

/// ChainManager actor
#[derive(Default)]
pub struct ChainManager {
    /// Blockchain state data structure
    chain_state: ChainState,
    /// Current Epoch
    current_epoch: Option<Epoch>,
    /// Transactions Pool (_mempool_)
    transactions_pool: TransactionsPool,
    /// Maximum weight each block can have
    max_block_weight: u32,
    /// Mining enabled
    mining_enabled: bool,
    /// Hash of the genesis block
    genesis_block_hash: Hash,
    /// Pool of active data requests
    data_request_pool: DataRequestPool,
    /// state of the state machine
    sm_state: StateMachine,

>     /// Target beacon

Reviewer: I think this chunk of code needs to be updated to what's been merged, which contains more accurate descriptions of some of these properties (specially `target_beacon`).

    target_beacon: Option<CheckpointBeacon>,
    /// Map that stores candidate blocks for further validation and consolidation as tip of the blockchain
    candidates: HashMap<Hash, Block>,
}
```

## ChainManager State Machine

ChainManager has a state machine to specify handler's actions for each state:

### WaitingConsensus

In this state, the node is waiting to receive a `PeersBeacons` message with the
`CheckPointBeacon` of all its outbounds. It will decide with a consensus method
the consensus beacon to achieve. If its `CheckPointBeacon` is the same as consensus
, it will change to Synced, if not, it will hold the `target_beacon` and it will change
to Synchronizing.

> During this state almost all the messages will be ignored, excepted `AddCandidates`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this state all the messages will be ignored except `AddCandidates`.
```

### Synchronizing

In this state, the node is waiting to receive an `AddBlocks` to synchronize all the

> blocks. After that, it will check if `target_beacon` is reached and change to WaitingConsensus,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blocks. After that, it will check if `target_beacon` is reached and change to `WaitingConsensus`,
```

if not, it will send another `AnyCast<SendLastBeacon>` to continue the synchronization process.

### Synced

> In this state, the node is fully operative. It can consolidated blocks, mining, `LastBeacon`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this state, the node is fully operative. It can consolidate blocks, mine, broadcast `LastBeacon` messages
```

> broadcasting and help to synchronize to other nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and help other nodes synchronizing.
```
